---
title: FAQ
layout: index
---
# Frequently Asked Questions

* **What should I enter in the Tenant name to log into Azure DocKit ?**
  * Have a look at [this page](/WhichTenantToUse)

* **Does Azure DocKit supports ARM and Classic ?**
  * Yes it does

* **Can I authenticate using a Microsoft Account ?**
  * Yes, Microsoft Account and Azure Active Directory account are supported. *Note that B2B Connector is not supported yet*

* **My goal when using Azure DocKit is to document a subscription of my customers. Is there any specific requirement for that?**
  * There is no specific requirement for this scenario. You just need to have an account (wether a Microsoft Account or an Azure Active Directory) that has the appropriate permissions to the customer subscription.

* **Which permissions are required to run Azure DocKit ?**
  * To document ARM Resources, you don't need to have administrator privileges : Permissions applied to Azure Resources will automatically be taken into account by Azure DocKit. For instance if you generate documentation for a subscription with 10 Virtual Machines and you have access to only one (even in read only), only this Virtual Machine will be documented
  * To document Classic Resources, you need to be co-admin has Classic does not offer RBAC (Role Based Access Control)
  * To document Azure Active Directory, you need to be Azure Active Directory Global Administrator. * Note that is not a requirement : you choose that when Signing into Azure DocKit*
  * You can refer to [this page](http://www.azuredockit.com/2016/05/02/azure-dockit-now-supports-document-generation-without-administrator-privileges/) to have more details

* **Is there a Trial Version of Azure DocKit that I can use ?**
  * Yes, just go to [Azure DocKit Generation Portal](https://generate.azuredockit.com) and Sign In. It will detect that you have no license and it will automatically bring you to the Trial Mode. Note that some content will be removed as you are in Trial
  * You can also check our [Web Site](http://www.azuredockit.com) in the Example section

* **How can I track the changes between two documents generation ?**
  * In the options, there is a tab Advanced Settings that you need to use
  * Navigate to this tab and enter your storage account name (will be used to store snapshots) and select a document to compare to
  * Refer to the Options page of this help to have all the details on how to setup that

* **I have multiple subscriptions to document. Do you have licenses for that ?**
  * Yes. Refer our [Pricing Page](http://www.azuredockit.com/pricing-buy/) for more details.

* **I don't want to manually Log into Azure DocKit every time I need to generate the documentation. What should I do ?**
  * Azure DocKit has a license for that. With G2T-Auto, you can schedule the document generation so that you don't have to log every time.
  * Refer  our [Pricing Page](http://www.azuredockit.com/pricing-buy/) for more details.

* **Is there a way I can modify the template of the document that get's generated ?**
  * Azure DocKit allows you to create your own template
  * Refer to [this page](/Features/CustomizeTemplate) to have all the detailed step on how to customize the template

* **The document generated by Azure DocKit is really detailed but I need a way to let Architects and Operation Staffs enter additional content on each Azure resources. Does Azure DocKit allows that ?**
  * Azure DocKit offer a Word Add-In to add custom documentation in the Word Document.
  * You can check this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-19Z7iHu58)
  * *Please note that this feature is currently in Beta*

* **According to our internal policies, we cannot have this document generation happening in a SaaS Solution. Is there a way to generate the document on our servers ?**
  * Yes, we do offer a Windows application that does that.
  * By using this application, everything will be done in your environments.

* **What does Azure DocKit store when the document is generated ?**
  * During the document generation, Azure DocKit never has access to the credentials you are using to Sign In as you are redirected to Microsoft Login Page
  * The document is generated in memory in an isolated process and nothing get stored on disk.
  * When the document generation is done, by default, it is stored in a blob storage with a specific key that only you will have. This is the default behavior and we also support uploading the document in your Azure Blob Storage or in a Office 365 Document Library. In that case, we will not keep anything

* **I have a G2-U license but the user that is licensed do not have appropriate permissions on the subscription that I need to document. I need to use another account. How can I proceed ?**
  * Azure DocKit supports this scenario.
  * The first step is to Sign In into Azure DocKit using the account that is licensed (even if this account has not privileges on the subscription to document).
  * Once Logged In, you will see a button on the top of the windows that allows you to change user. Click on that and then you need to enter the account that you want to use.
  * Once done, click on Log Out.
  * Now, go back to the Azure DocKit home page and Sign In with this account.
  * You should now have a valid license.
  * *Note that you have 5 minutes to do that*
  * **Note that it is not legal to use this mechanism to give a license to someone else**

* **I have a G2-T license but the user that is licensed do not have appropriate permissions on the subscription that I need to document. I need to use another account. How can I proceed ?**
  * Azure DocKit supports this scenario.
  * The first step is to Sign In into Azure DocKit using the account that is licensed (even if this account has not privileges on the subscription to document).
  * Once Logged In, you will see a button on the top of the windows that allows you to change user. Click on that and then you need to enter the account that you want to use.
  * Once done, click on Log Out.
  * Now, go back to the Azure DocKit home page and Sign In with this account.
  * You should now have a valid license.
  * *Note that you have 5 minutes to do that*
  * **Note that it is not legal to use this mechanism to give a license to someone else**
